Added plot of equation (#78)
NLESC-JCER/cpp2wasm: README.md

Let's first define the mathematical equation, which we will be searching for its root, and the derivative of it.

The equation and its derivative which we will use in this guide are $x^3 - x^2  + 2$ and $3x^2 - 2x$ respectively.

> The root is the X-coordinate you must put in the equation to get `0` as Y-coordinate. In this equation the root is `-1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The root is the value (X-coordinate) which makes the mathematical function (Y-coordinate) equal to `0`. In this equation the root is `-1`.
```

> [![Plotted equation](images/equation.svg)](https://www.desmos.com/calculator/yj0ih4ml0i)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Plotted equation](images/equation.svg)](https://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=x%5E3+-+x%5E2+%2B+2)
```
